Now that we have the restaurant name and the restaurant address rendering, the next thing we want to
do is we want to render out the rating in in order to do that, what we want is we want to get a star
icon.
And so over here, I have Starbucks, which I'm going to drag into my assets folder, and then we're
going to look at it.
It's an effigy.
So it's a scalable vector graphic.
It's going to scale based on screen size.
And so all of the stuff in here is basically not relevant.
And you can get this file from the linked solution will also link it as an asset on the video itself.
But basically it's just an icon of a star.
And so over here in our Expo app, what we want to do is we want to start using SVG elements.
And so how are we going to do that?
Well, first of all, what we're going to need is we're going to need some type of SPG handling library
like react native SVG.
So let's go look at react native SVG and react native.
SVG is a standalone library that can be used to render out squeegees and you can use it with XPO.
So all we have to do is xpo, install, react native SVG and we can start using SVG elements.
So let's do that.
Let's take this, let's go back to our code, let's open up the terminal and let's run that command
xpo install react native SVG, let's hit enter and that's going to install Riak native as Fiji.
Now one thing to note here is that.
The majority of what's in here are the cases in which you want to install it bare bones, but what we're
trying to get at is, well, you can either load directly from a YORO or we can do something called
SFG XML.
And this is a plugin that can be used.
Right.
We import it from React Native SPG and you can give it directly an XML output.
So the file that I just spoke of.
So what we're going to do is we're going to copy this line.
And this is done installing and what we can do over here now is at the top we can import.
CFG ximo from Riak native Fiji, right, and when we use that over here in between title and address,
we can use SFG Zimmel.
We're going to have to give it an example value.
Now the XML value is going to be the asset that we spoke of.
So we're going to import star from dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot assets slash star.
So it's way up there in the file there.
But what we need from this one is we need to give it to the XML property.
And so when we do that, boom, we have a star icon.
Now it's way, way too big, like a very, very, very big.
So what we need to do is we need to give it a specific width and height.
We'll give it a width of 20.
And we'll give it a height of 20 as well, and that's going to make it so that if it's a bit better
in between here, OK.
But now now comes the crazy part.
Now we need to render it.
The amount of times that the raiding occurs, so how are we going to do that?
That's a good question.
Well, basically, we need to iterate over four times, so what we can do now is we could do something
like Consed Brading array equals a red dot from new array and we'll give it rating.
And that's going to allow us an array, so if we cancel that log, this console, that log reading rating
or a.
And so now that we're also logging rating or if we reload over here and we open up our terminal or you
can open up your terminal directly in via code, we can see that we have an array that has one, two,
three, four on the fines.
OK, but what if I had a three point to what's going to happen then?
Well, what's going to happen then is this is going to break.
So what we need to do is we need to make sure that this is always a whole number.
So we're going to mathaf seal it.
We're going to round it because we don't want to deal with fractions.
So we're always going to have an array that is.
Of that size, so this is going to round up to four.
Well, maybe we'll do floor, maybe we'll always round down.
Maybe that sounds a bit better.
So if we have four, it's a four.
OK, so what now?
We have this array that has four empty items.
So what we can do now is we can say, well, we could say reading array, dot map and for every item
we're basically going to return.
This SFG Zimmel, and so now we're rendering four of them, OK, but why are they rendering underneath
each other what's going on here?
So that's a good question.
Why are they rendering underneath each other?
Well, that's because it defaults to column.
So what we want to do around here is let's go take our styled view and let's say that we call this row
and we'll call this flex direction and we'll say row.
And if we do this and we put this around SFG Zimmel, what's going to happen here is this is going to
render in a row format and there we go.
But.
We don't want to call it Roe, we want to call it rating, right?
We just spent all this work doing this thing, and then we'll add some padding around it, but we'll
add a smaller amount of padding because it's a bit much so if we add padding top and we'll add some
padding to the bottom.
Let's do that.
And so now there's a decent amount of space between the rating and the address and the name.
Amazing.
So what now, what's next?
Well, what's next is now that we have our rating set up here, what we need to do is we need to add
the little icon that's going to tell us.
Right.
We have the icon here that's telling us whether it's a diner or whether it's a cafe.
So let's look at how we're going to implement that.